@W-17307052@ Factor in CSP header when generating service worker etag (#2191)
SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit: packages/pwa-kit-runtime/CHANGELOG.md

## v3.9.0-dev (Oct 29, 2024)

> - Consider CSP header changes in service worker etag generation [#2191](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/2191)

Reviewer: I think better if the changelog explains the bug that impacts the end user, rather than explaining etag and other implementation detail. How about this?

```suggestion
- Fix stale service worker file that could cause requests to still use old Content-Security-Policy [#2191](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/2191)
```
